nope so work your way a little closer
okay right now check good and hard right
there you go
yank it right out his mouth if he
doesn't risk good and there you go again
yeah there you go there you go okay Joe
work your way up good tap on the side
Joe tell me is good yes good job
good Joey and run
Brian get lower he's a he's nervously
peeing like sit on the ground without
there you go
there ya go good job Joe works come up
and to him
tap on Seidel he's good don't kick in
his butt good job good Oh was the
holding onto it you think he that's
right I think you would have done it
yeah yeah good stuff
he was extreme the other side good Joe
work your way up sorry Hanna needs his
mouth support his head firm it okay
right no other hand there you go and
check good oh good oh good run Joe why
am i more excited than you are
Joakim come up raise them good Brian
he's gonna pick up on a color and he
does you check on that okay Joe pick up
okay check so again don't let down Joe
Joe Joe check uh ah let him out again
closely don't get over there you go
good good okay Joe pick up again right
check yes
oh good do that again Joe pick up again
harder okay
go ahead Joe try it again pick up let it
when Terry good job
right and pickup on Sullivan there you
go I'd let it completely drop out his
mouth setting work just wait
Joe take the string from Brian good okay
and plate little tugging game with them
you play a little tugging a good job it
needs a little confidence and he's
really young you see after three or four
like you just not holding on confident
saying use your navy earlier right so it
shows a little bit nervous
go bring it up to your chest like bring
it up and when he pulls let it slide
through hands bring it up higher very
good good good all right hands the
spring back to Brian France can do that
a little bit forget the leash just let
Brian no forget it forget Brian oh the
wind oh good job good Joe come take the
toy you play with home yay good job pull
all the way up there you go good Joe
good have this ring back to Brian good
Joe come up and Pat head up dummies good
good job Joe now put your hand on his
mouth do a little cradle and then Brian
check it and see if you drive is not the
issue yet pull up on you Adam Joe pull
up on this thing
bring two sticks do come hold it right
there don't let about even do it go by
and now is good check check check
no heís ready to run the car keep going
to do two more checks and God carry to
the car